Change Recommended Refund Identifier to be Payment ID over Order Number (#59)
paytrail/documentation: content/refunds/create.md

### Route

> Refunds are created using order id as identifiers. Order id is obtained after returned from payment and handling response from Paytrail. Example in [E2 payments][E2] this is `PAYMENT_ID` field. The customer will be sent an email upon successful refund creation. Successful refund creation will return **HTTP status `202`** and refund location (link with a refund token). See section [General HTTP responses][responses].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refunds are created using order id as identifiers. Order id is obtained after returned from payment and handling response from Paytrail. For example, in [E2 payments][E2] this is `PAYMENT_ID` field. The customer will be sent an email upon successful refund creation. Successful refund creation will return **HTTP status `202`** and refund location (link with a refund token). See section [General HTTP responses][responses].
```

```http

> POST /merchant/v1/payments/:orderId/refunds HTTP/1.1

Reviewer: Should we call it `paymentId` though like suggested in the original issue?

Could also repeat the header information here, so add `Refund-Origin: internal` on the next line.

Author: Accidentally changed `all payment id` words back to `order id`. Fixed and adding mention about Refund-Origin.

```

> If you don't have order id, you can use order number. Just note that if there's multiple orders with same order number, refund can't be made, even only one of them is paid. Merchants must use unique order numbers for Paytrail Merchant API to be able to link each refund to a single payment. Order id is always unique thus being preferred identifier.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you don't have order id, you can use order number. Just note that if there are multiple orders with the same order number, the refund can't be made, even only one of them is paid. Merchants must use unique order numbers for Paytrail Merchant API to be able to link each refund to a single payment. Order id is always unique thus being preferred identifier.
```

### Route

Refunds are created using payment id as identifier. Payment id is obtained after returned from payment and handling response from Paytrail. For example, in [E2 payments][E2] this is `PAYMENT_ID` field. The customer will be sent an email upon successful refund creation. Successful refund creation will return **HTTP status `202`** and refund location (link with a refund token). See section [General HTTP responses][responses].

```http
POST /merchant/v1/payments/:paymentId/refunds HTTP/1.1
```
When using payment id as identifier, message must include header.
```http

> Refund-Origin: internal

Reviewer: This could be moved under the POST request line so it would be:

```http
POST /merchant/v1/payments/:paymentId/refunds HTTP/1.1
Refund-Origin: internal
```

It's a common notation in REST API docs to first show the request, then the headers, and finally the payload (if any).
